listen in the air of staying six feet
apart what better netflix flick than the
one that has them wearing masks
over their eyes instead it follows the
events of the first one where joey king
breaks
every rule her and her best friend have
set for each other and that includes
dating his brother so for the sequel she
continues that trend of causing more
trouble than she did
back when she was on zack and cody
let me explain so while the sequel is
goofier i will give it that it has a
better and much crazier story for
what it's worth they have a bigger
budget now so the netflix logo goes from
being on the side of a building to the
hollywood hills as they uh
watchman who summer's over so noah's
gone off to harvard while
finishes her senior year hoping that
noah doesn't let someone else enter his
arc
and obviously she should be concerned
since this point didn't even turn back
think she'll turn around
no that's not marco she's alone posted
up where she was
posted up as noah tries to convince her
that only she can make him feel euphoric
in fact he wants to ship her his way
pitching her to apply at harvard even
though
one of the rules her and lee have had is
to go to the same college together
since they were six this man already
took his brother's girl now he's taking
his dreams
did you tell that idiot you're not
rooming with him next year not yet all
right we better that guy's the [ __ ]
anti-poon that said
al also has a track record rule number
six
if you can't tell your best friend about
something you're doing
you probably shouldn't be doing it and
if i didn't what would be the point in
telling lee now
and getting him upset over nothing al
pursues harvard as she lives in a world
where they actually inquire about her
subscribers how many subscribers
37 37 000 we can work at that no no no
37 i guess these
did replace my diplomas jokes aside i
said it in control z
we're mere decades away from taking a
nosedive into black mirror territory
thank you thank you obviously it's not
just getting into harvard that's a
struggle
it's paying for it even though they do
let her redo her essay so it's
practically like they're writing her
script
and manipulation isn't something that's
new for noah the days of you controlling
my life
are over we'll see about that
however i have seen growth in this man
and i'm not talking about him as nate
in the first this dude was a player with
absolutely no anger management
carl he knocked out thor with no problem
pummeled a dude at the beach but then as
the story progressed
he did stay faithful you know he
approached elle's father to ask for
forgiveness and permission
and he got off the roids you really do
have a problem now the only problem i
have right now is you
boy left them clenching his fist like
arthur so i'm not saying he's a perfect
character
i do like noah's ark but al thinks he's
shipping more than two
one of the goofiest parts of the movie
was how their imessage worked like
snapchat legit
every time they show a phone in here
there's less history in their convos
than on a 13 year old's browser
literally jacob is the only one who
knows how tech works and you know he's
not closing his laptop on a call like
most movies do
but he does fall into one of the biggest
tropes okay
here we go chloe winthrop
chloe's the senior at harvard that all
the guys love to hang around
it's boston so you know they're all sore
from rowan they're concert buddies
and really it's noah trying to build a
relationship with someone like
he saw with alan lee minus all the rules
supposedly no one never stops talking
about
l to all of his boys and even to chloe
they write it so that when
it comes time for them to meet he
doesn't even bother introducing her
instead of going in and grabbing a
handful it then doesn't help that
l finds an earring under his bed and get
this
ongoing text meanwhile she's on time
are you seven l falls and also starts
crushing on marco the new kid at school
we've been mentioning how netflix is
always trying to rekindle the twilight
days of edward versus jacob
as they face off their why love
interests and it's also just netflix
continuing their trend
i personally didn't mind marco
especially when you consider how much he
helps her you know
he set aside all this time to train for
the dance competition that'll help her
win the tuition that she needs
he's mostly respectful only thing this
man pulls out is his guitar
when you really look at it this boy was
playing his guitar on the pier for cash
and in spanish he even played at his own
prom and yet from what i know
he never asked for a cut of the 50k so
i'm using every free hour i have
practicing into the night for this
competition that you asked me to help
you with
just so i could screw things up for you
well you know when when you put it that
way
in my opinion i'd say the biggest theme
in both movies is communication
or the lack thereof but you know it's a
kissing booth and they only use their
mouse for one thing
that said al has literally no receipts
proving that her man is cheating but
she decides to do so on a live broadcast
[Music]
she had just made plans with noah to
talk things out and then falls into
marco's arms like she just yelled polo
but at least you know she finally has
someone who will be there for her
and cares for her but you're not the one
brah
netflix again and y l
did what she did because she's dishonest
now i find it interesting that the
director who's handling the whole
trilogy
has a similar background as the best
friends so he knows that things get
messy
as they get older but with lee literally
the worst part about him is that he's
too loyal of a friend
it's like with rachel what if i didn't
like having her around
what would you do then i guess i'd break
up with her man didn't even hesitate to
put her first and he continues it here
he fakes an injury so that his friend
can have an mvp stepper and get the
money she needs for college dude runs
from what felt like one school to
another to stop her babbling when
probably could have just called her but
no matter what this dude always puts l
before i
in the first the only reason she gave
them space was because let me rewind
oh yeah she was cheating with her best
friend's brother behind his back i was
that person who quotes the rules when
it's convenient for her no matter how
mad you are at your best friend
you have to forgive them if they give
you ice cream but slip
up and it's okay okay listen to me we
we made up our rules when we were six
wow how come what are you saying
meanwhile lee's consistent when his best
friend who's broken a dozen of their
personal rules and probably a handful of
the commandments
approaches him about finding her
happiness even if it might be a mistake
this boy puts his differences to the
side and gave his brother his halloween
costume to surprise her
and almost crashed crazy part is this
dude still didn't break the rules
he circumvented a rule number 18 in
order to cancel out a previously
established one
just to make sure his friend was happy
said something about rule number 18
or whatever rule number 18.
but now that her happiness is away in
college
boy dude is more loyal to his in-n-out
than he is his
girlfriend and that's bogus because
rachel's a solid character
in the first she was having her little
prime moment in front of everyone and
chased after al to try and comfort her
how she was there for her man before he
was even her man
the only reason i ever talked to that
dork was to make sure i could get his
brother to come to the booth tonight
i guess i'm next now they're playing
co-op while she's single players in the
back
he's leaving her stranded at movie
premieres he legit
had her walk home alone bye feel better
okay and i still can't get over the fact
that she heard her man say this in the
first one it's like with rachel
what if i didn't like having her around
what would you do then
i guess i'd break up with her no you see
and she wouldn't leave
the worst part is them switching up
their halloween costumes
and not even letting her know they left
this poor girl looking like the stay
puft marshmallow man
as they cross streams on the dance floor
and still el goes
i don't know what i did wrong she's
dishonest well i get that she had a lot
of things in her mind
i mean when you go back to the first
your boy straight up told you
rule number 18 always be happy for your
bestie successes
for me that one has always been easy to
follow but
i'm sure that's why you literally picked
bros before bros
now i hope no one ever feels unwanted in
a place like al does in this house right
here
they're having thanksgiving dinner but
everyone's more spiteful than being
thankful
her best friend is heartbroken his girl
has had enough with her
her boyfriend who she just cheated on
brings the girl he told her not to worry
about
it is not a pretty sight to be pl right
now as everything just climaxes
i always just figured we'd be number one
forever like i said
i do think the story in the sequel is
better but i do feel it it just
continues to pit
l in a whole of her own mistakes just
for the sake of drama
like pretty much each installment has
her having an inclination
acting upon it keeping it a secret till
it becomes a lie
and then having everyone forgive while
she doesn't forget
[Music]
now i don't know how they're gonna
continue the kissing booth during
college for the third one
or they're just going to use covet as an
excuse but in the second they actually
expand on one of the side storylines
involving the character of ollie
he had a very minor role in the first
but they finally finally gave my man
some stuff to say
hey hi and he ends up having the biggest
moment in the event
rachel and lee who met at the kissing
booth reignite their flame there once
again
as noah attacks al for the first time
and they meet at their kissing gazebo
re-devoting themselves to each other as
marco
stares in contempt and exclaims it's not
worth it
there she is that said nothing will ever
beat the original kissing booth
you don't have to flirt with her first
okay genius you're paying for it
why don't you just relax thank you guys
for checking out this video i'm curious
to know your thoughts on the third
you pretty much got three options one if
she goes to harvard then she betrays lee
once again which
i feel like that's the way it's gonna go
but there's also the idea of her going
to berkeley which would not only be her
social distancing from noah
but poor rachel honestly they've already
taken a couple cues from to all the boys
so i wouldn't be surprised if they come
up with the
netflix original idea of her going her
own way but we'll see
i heard people thinking that marco and
chloe should end up together even though
he's like
he's still he's barely going to be a
freshman in college and she would have
graduated harvard i want to see her and
elle you know i want to see that
relationship develop i want to see how
she interacts with
you know marco that'd be so fun please
they've already filmed the third one
supposedly because
everyone knows that you can't film stuff
in coven but they they magically snuck
it in there uh
but i'm curious to see what you guys
think about this one which one you like
more what you think the funniest bit was
i think it's so interesting that like
they went from emmy nominated original
series to
you know paying the bills right i can't
even flag it like the first one was
written
on wattpad or wattpad by a 15 year old
now she's banking off of a motion
picture trilogy so
it's kind of it's a little bit of a flex
you know i'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section
let me know what other movies you want
us to cover being on netflix streaming
or anything else and until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
and stream kayukas